added iFrame troubleshooting section (#1381)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/troubleshooting.md

</details>

> #### What can I embed in the iFrame widget?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### What can I embed in the iframe widget?
```

<details>
<summary><b>Answer (click to expand)</b></summary>

> iFrame imposes a few security vulnerabilities, so not all services support them. For example, Grafana Cloud does not allow iFrame embedding of the content, while Grafana self-hosted allows. The first step will be to check with the service provider if cross site embedding is supported. After confirming you can embed the relevant content, here are two different approaches for embedding sensitive data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iframe is a more limited web environment than a dedicated full-fledged browser tab, and they are a less secure option in general, so not all services support them. For example, Grafana Cloud does not allow iframe embedding of the content, while Grafana self-hosted does support iframe.

To understand if you can embed your desired content, the first step will be to check with the service provider if cross site embedding is supported. After confirming you can embed the relevant content, here are two different approaches for embedding sensitive data:
```

> 1. Public page behind a VPN: In the scenario the host of the content is self hosted, you can make it public behind the VPN. This allows you to allow sharing the content with ease, as only users who have the ability to connect to the VPN will be able to view its content. For example, Grafana self-hosted can be used to make a dashboard public, if the host is in your VPN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Public page behind a VPN: If the host of the content is self hosted and accessible when users are logged in to your VPN, you can make it publicly accessible to users that are logged in to your VPN. This means that the embedded resource is still secure, because access to your VPN (and therefore, to the resource) is limited only to users with access to the VPN, but it also makes it possible to view the embedded resource in Port, since there is no need for a dedicated authentication flow (again, assuming the user is logged in to the VPN).

For example, with Grafana self-hosted that accessible from your VPN, you can simply make a dashboard public and embed it, and users who have logged in to your VPN will be able to see it embedded in Port correctly.
```

> 2. PKCE: Port supports [PKCE](https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/customize-integrations/configure-data-model/setup-blueprint/properties/embedded-url/authentication) authentication flow to authenticate the logged in user with an OIDC application against your IdP to gain access. This requires the end service you are trying to embedf (for example, Grafana dashboard) to support oAuth, in order to use the SSO application. In order to set it up, follow the documentation and make sure you do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. PKCE: Port supports [PKCE](https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/customize-integrations/configure-data-model/setup-blueprint/properties/embedded-url/authentication) authentication flow to authenticate the logged in user with an OIDC application against your IdP to gain access. This requires the end service you are trying to embed (for example, a dashboard from self-hosted Grafana) to support OIDC, in order to use the SSO application. In order to set it up, follow the documentation and make sure you do the following:
```
